95 kilo today a damn good
week of training in africa
9 o'clock in the morning super bad weather
take graf all night beautiful rain
I have to just a bit out
a little fresh air to the
end fast range
your dear first dry spot
found today in the cinema video as
next big fan of me and others
videos probably just sitting somewhere and
then over hours a question answered
That's why I 'm already on the road today
Just stop in a few minutes
start up and answer questions
examine the whole thing fast as possible
pull through
Last one thing I ask a lot
Often get in both the mailbox and
the comments as on the
facebook page filip landsman
I can give you a training plan
do not create a training plan and me
Personally, I'm the mangas too
completely wrong question is firstly there
uncountable resources online but a lot
important for you to taste the for
a personal trainer pays that becomes one
the best investments of your life
Be beside your education beside
any languages ​​that learned
next door you are 15 or 16 years old
time once for three or four hours
Personaltraining let you the right
explain that I'm a bit of the exercise
explain renovation you have 50 after that
years of best investment ever
could do
Question 2 from yesterday's videofilmer halte
you from chase or are you somebody
not at all I personally hold off
he is nothing personal to me
neither do you just never picture them
I am convinced that we are
No one will need it every week
somehow it can not be the right one
So yes, how have you found nutrition
said bodybuilding is not my life
but my life will be extremely rich
through politics
I know no other sport no
other activity activity that's me
helped bring culture live
which made me so much fun but
at the same time that also means that
every day must have fun eating and
if that is not the case with you and
now for example always six days
do not have fun shooting a day
so that euro is complete per week
then you're sure to get up
long-term vision two years five years
ten years the rest of your life the
found wrong nutritional form
also next board finally found times
completely dry my camera already half
brought through very romantic and first
at the back very interesting question
also placed under yesterday's video
What should I do if I eat a lot?
would like to
Tip I last weeks more often
just tried one
at least one big meal
maybe even two completely through
to replace some kind of raw food
so I would say for example by
So I'm going to eat at least one day
a meal of giant peel fruits
that will give you a maximum of 500 to 700
Calorie needs 20 minutes to determine
the whole meal tastes extremely cool
extremely healthy and makes a super cars
has low calorie next question is
if it did not become clay
next question competitors to ask
specific I think for sure
Competition law can be there
can not express about specific people
to say so much
finds himself morally a bit
reprehensible if the managing director and
partner with her sls amg ferrari
drive porsche panamera eight etc around
and then knot in the beautiful carpet
countries china vietnam cambodia and co
to let produce
Guys I understand his tank somehow
fully get but must be safety
I have to do other vegas then
you manufacture that all the big ones
Companies like nike or adidas too
produce because you really spit
only on the whole is it
meanwhile, how few leave
by car from berlin
That means we produce ours
state of the art and behavior
Production site and workers great
short transport routes so really
pleasant for the environment is me
personally extremely important
that often has to be left behind last
station our beautiful city hall
arrived to happiness are dry
stopped raining right
15 of the eighth new resources
scold yes a few days longer than
expected really annoying things secured
on lorry on the way to Berlin
are still of logisticians
stored when I get the okay
wars ready for shipment
I give you modest in any case
knows you are intuitive or have fun
you firmly practice the exercises
personally not such a fan of intrigue
turn that means yes I have stuck
but I'm about in the exercises
Monthly rhythm easily lose that
For example, if I am two
rest for biceps then I do
after the month , I take my out
and add another train is about may have
i made picture 31 now i do
currently 128 bit crisis as exercise for me
personally but that one fixe
For example, training days has
trains monday tuesdays wednesday
friday saturday sunday free instead of two
train days
a free two days is a free 2 way
At the end of the week, how many days
missed my gives quote in the
Last week a social question from
Yesterday still willing to the old age
work really just stops once
work
only one thing I'm not a millionaire and can
you do not retire that answered
probably the question
number two, I believe many of you
is not clear how difficult than
to earn real money
you have to introduce yourself as bwl
graduate so if you are studying
one has torn open real ass
in addition any qualifications
you bring to the table
average entry level of
then between 60 100,000 euros
if I as an independent to me
pay of 100000 euro per year pay
you have to imagine yourself
at least in the clothing sector
Turnover of 500,000 euros a year
regardless of whether I can or not
It is an extremely high amount of money of 500,000
euro may earn from 100 people
start in the clothing area two
maximum therefore yes I will on each
but not only because of that
then you have to earn money too
I enjoy a lot of fun
companies want to build what many
People's jobs are now
afterwards afterwards as clothing is
or whether it is in the software area in one
I leave absolutely no other area
open
the next trip you travel next
do you know 13
and there it goes to jerusalem for seven
days after the next scheduled trip
the next planned trip in november
i think fifteenth november is there
as first rio for five days and afterwards
for 14 days after buenos aires a moon
and one of those of a great cologne
otherwise taken
the sun
That was the last station
huge construction site
it will be the end of the block a family there
the wall is on its way for a few days
we all meet today without
all distributed a bit too
ie with parents my brother my
Of course, girlfriend is also there and there
are simply a little bit together
quatschen know sit together easily
super nice little family time
That's why I was still bun
buy why you do not take offense
sometimes a bit too
time without a camera to have it all
for the other people who travel
I thank you in any case
All the heart for the first week as
feedback of the last days to the video has
I am very happy a lot
work but still sees that
People like that you like it then
It is that I will definitely
I want to thank you very much
take care